Admission requirements 
The Online Registration portal for the ensuing academic year  2024 - 2025   will be activated on Monday, 06 November 2024 at 10:00 a.m.
CBSE: Nursery to Grade 9 and Grade 11 (for both SIBLINGS & NON SIBLINGS).
IGCSE: Grade 3 to Grade 9 IGCSE (for both SIBLINGS & NON SIBLINGS).
Points to be Noted:

ONLINE REGISTRATION  DOES NOT MEAN ADMISSION
VALID IQAMA is MANDATORY for registration.
The registration form must be filled within 15 minutes.
Any registration done before the above mentioned dates will be considered invalid.
Admissions are strictly based on availability of seats. Siblings of students studying in NMEIS & MMEIS will be given preference.
For Nursery & LKG admission, the mother and the candidate will be called to meet the Principal on a date (in January 2024) which will be intimated through SMS on the registered mobile number. 
The required minimum age as on 1st April, 2024 is as follows.
Nursery: 2 year 9 months.
LKG: 3 years and 8 months.
Placement Test & Result:

All admissions from UKG onwards are strictly based on the performance in the Placement Test, which will be conducted from the month of January 2025 onwards. The Placement test date will be notified through SMS to registered candidates, based on the availability of seats.
The syllabus for the Placement Test is already available on the school website.
List of ELIGIBLE CANDIDATES will be uploaded on the school website. The Result date will be informed on the Placement test day.
Once admission is confirmed the seat will be reserved only till the validity date as mentioned in the Admission Slip. 
Requirements List (provided to the parent along with the admission form).
Failure to complete the admission formalities within the stipulated time will lead to cancellation of Admission.
The Management reserves the right to reject any admission without assigning any reason what so ever.
All admissions are strictly subjected to the approval from the Ministry of Education.
This is the admisson form and admission requirements before proceeding to Online Registration :
'https://www.newmeis.com/sites/default/files/documents/Requirement%20List%20CBSE%20Feb%202024_0.pdf'
