Parents Co-Operation:
1. A sound educational setup strongly recommends Parent-Teacher cooperation to establish discipline and positive personality development in their word/s. Therefore, the school requests the parents to work jointly with the teachers to help their word to gain maximum from what the school offers.
2. Parents are expected to do their part in enforcing regularity and discipline in their ward/s .
3. Parents should ensure that their ward/s reach school on time and are also escorted back by them immediately after school. The school does not accept responsibility for the students who are left in the school premises after the school hours, or for those who reach before the school hours. 
4. Parents should see that their ward/s do their homework and submit it on time. They should go through the note books and Home Work Diary to check the work done / to be done. They should acknowledge/reply to any message sent by the teacher.
5. Evaluation Sheet of your ward/s, sent by the Homeroom Teacher, should be signed and returned promptly. 
6. If your ward's report card is lost, a penalty of S.R.50/- will be charged for a duplicate copy.
7. Parents should see that their ward/s is/are regular to school. Submission of a prior written notice for leave is necessary. In case of sickness or other unforeseen circumstances, the reason for absence must be shown upon returning to school.
8. In case the student has been suffering from a contagious disease like chicken pox etc, a doctor's certificate should be produced stating that the child is fit to return to school.
9. If a child is going to be absent, the parent has to inform the home room teacher and a Leave Application has to be submitted the following day. If a child is absent for 30 days without prior notice, his/her name might be removed from the class roll. A re-admission fee will be charged if he/she is to be readmitted.
10. Parents are expected to intimate to the school any change in address and telephone number.
11. A month's notice is required if a student is being withdrawn from the school. Transfer Certificate will be issued only if a prior notice is given.
12. Parents are required to submit their and their ward/s valid iqama and passport copies to the home room teacher, every time it gets renewed.